# Sonic the Hedgehog is one of the current nine playable Survivors in Outcome Memories. He is the fastest thing alive, and is a noble hero among his fellow Survivors. Despite the amount of Executioners wearing his face and claiming to be him, he'll still remain true to his ideals and always protect his friends. 
Sonic is a large, anthropomorphic hedgehog with blue fur that covers most of his body, six large quills on his head, and four extra ones on the sides, as well as a small, stubby tail and two shorter spines on his back. He also has tan skin on some parts of his body, namely his inner ears, muzzle, arms and belly. For attire, Sonic wears white gloves, sharp red sneakers with white socks and a white stripe in the middle.
Although Sonic's design is based on his classic counterpart, his eyes have a slight green gradient to them, being a subtle reference to the green irises of Sonic's modern counterpart. This is something unique to Sonic's eyes, as other characters just simply have the black pupils of their classic counterparts.
Sonic is a fearless, brave mobian to both his friends and the entire world. He has stopped Eggman from conquering his home planet, Mobius, countless times. He is cocky yet sweet, and has more than enough speed and strength to back up his endless pride.
In Outcome Memories, Sonic stays true to his original personality; He will do anything to keep his fellow Survivors safe. Basing it off the lines from his solo themes, such as Don't Blink or Break Free, he's not scared of any of the Executioners, and instead thinks they are just jealous fakers using his image to kill the innocent. Despite the amount of hardships he faces, he will remain true to his ideals as a hero who will never fear the fall.
